# Test Description
The purpose of this exercise is to build a widget using a lightweight rendering engine, and then extend that engine. A few things have been provided for you:

1.	A small http server written in javascript. 

2.	A lightweight rendering engine. 

3.	A json file (page.json) which describes the layout of the page. 

4.  A small set of unit tests written using JEST, some of which are failing and will need to be fixed. 

## Part 1
Your task here is to use the provided rendering engine to construct a drop-down list widget using the select_one json object in page.json.

## Part 2
Once all the widgets in the form are rendering, we need to add some infrastructure. Several of the fields in the form have been marked required, but so far our code makes no attempt to prevent the user from submitting the form without filling out the required fields. The next task is to fill in this hole in the functionality. 

The form should not be allowed to submit while any of the required fields are blank. When this functionality is added, the failing unit tests in ```button.test.js``` should begin to pass.

## Part 3
The next piece of the puzzle is to present the user with all the validation errors. The errors should be shown as a list of hyperlinks below the form. Clicking a link in the list should set the user’s focus to the problematic input for that item in the list.

In fulfilling these requirements, keep in mind that other widget developers will use this rendering engine. As such, it is important that widget developers have to add as little code as possible to get their new widget to participate in the required field behaviour.


## Extra Credit
If you have successfully completed parts 1 - 3 and still have time remaining, the next task is to increase the unit test coverage. At the begining of the test the code coverage percentage was at about ```40%```, your challenge is to get that percentage as high as you can before time runs out. 

The code coverage percentage can be generated by running this command ```npm run testc```. At the bottom of the table that gets output you'll see a line saying something like: ```Jest: "global" coverage threshold for statements (90%) not met: 40.95%```. 40.95% is the number you are trying to increase in this scenario. 

Good luck!
